[Excel] (Range) Reorganize Range articles to improve discoverability and usability (#2582)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/excel/excel-add-ins-workbooks.md

---
title: Work with workbooks using the Excel JavaScript API

> description: 'Code samples that show how to perform common tasks with workbooks or application-level features using the Excel JavaScript API.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Learn how to perform common tasks with workbooks or application-level features using the Excel JavaScript API.'
```
